fix(readme): mention about open-source contributions to repo (#297)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

## Support
Learn how we [support Fivetran Connector SDK](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk#support).

## Contributing

> We welcome contributions to the Fivetran Connector SDK Examples!
> This repository is open source and intended specifically for examples. We encourage the community to contribute improvements, bug fixes, new examples, and additional use cases that expand and strengthen the collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We welcome contributions to the Fivetran Connector SDK repo!

This repository is open source and intended specifically for Connector SDK examples. We encourage the community to contribute by suggesting improvements, bug fixes, new examples, and additional use cases that expand and strengthen the collection.
```

### How to contribute

> 1. **Fork the repository** - Click the "Fork" button on the GitHub repository page to create your own copy
> 2. **Create a new branch** - Make your changes in a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-example-name`
> 3. **Make your changes** - Add new connectors, fix bugs, improve documentation, or enhance existing features
> 4. **Test your changes** - Ensure your code works correctly and follows our coding standards
> 5. **Submit a pull request** - Open a PR with a clear description of your changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Fork** on the GitHub repository page to create your own copy of the repo.
2. Make your changes in a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-example-name`
3. Add new connectors, fix bugs, improve documentation, or enhance existing features and commit your changes.
4. Ensure your code works correctly and follows our coding standards.
5. Open a pull request with a clear description of your changes.
```

### What we're looking for

> - New connector examples for popular APIs and databases

Author: most of the sources use APIs and databases.

## Support
Learn how we [support Fivetran Connector SDK](https://fivetran.com/docs/connector-sdk#support).

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to the Fivetran Connector SDK repo.

This repository is open source and intended specifically for Connector SDK examples. We encourage the community to contribute by suggesting improvements, bug fixes, new examples, and additional use cases that expand and strengthen the collection.

### How to contribute

1. Click **Fork** on the GitHub repository page to create your own copy of the repo.
2. Make your changes in a new branch: `git checkout -b feature/your-example-name`
3. Add new connectors, fix bugs, improve documentation, or enhance existing features and commit your changes.

> 4. Ensure your code works correctly and follows our coding standards.

Author: Good catch, we need to export them from Internal Slab to a markdown in this repo. Will do as follow-up in https://fivetran.atlassian.net/browse/RD-1041183
